2014.3:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 6)
 * CAN modified to use new sub-cores in place of proc_common. no functional changes
 * Repackaged to map interrupt port to interrupt interface,no functional changes
 * Repackaged to correct exported_name usage,no functional changes
 * BRAM instance depth corrected for UltraScale devices,no functional changes

2014.2:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Repackaged to correct simulation file set mapping,no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Updated example design to Synthesizable example design
 * Netlists created by write_verilog and write_vhdl are IEEE P1735 encrypted, with keys for supported simulators so that netlist simulation can still be done
 * Enable third party synthesis tools to read encrypted netlists (but not source HDL)
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.4:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Updated false path constraint set.
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.3:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Added parameter CS_MTBF_STAGES to specify clock synchronizer stages
 * Improved GUI speed and responsiveness, no functional changes

2013.2:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Enable support for future devices
 * Constraints processing order changed
 * Infer-ram replaced with blk-mem-gen.

2013.1:
 * Version 5.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
